Feat: add header-pattern annotation. (#5114)
kubernetes/ingress-nginx: docs/user-guide/nginx-configuration/annotations.md

|[nginx.ingress.kubernetes.io/backend-protocol](#backend-protocol)|string|HTTP,HTTPS,GRPC,GRPCS,AJP|
|[nginx.ingress.kubernetes.io/canary](#canary)|"true" or "false"|
|[nginx.ingress.kubernetes.io/canary-by-header](#canary)|string|
|[nginx.ingress.kubernetes.io/canary-by-header-value](#canary)|string|

> |[nginx.ingress.kubernetes.io/canary-match-strategy](#canary)|string|

Reviewer: This annotation is specifically about, `canary-by-header-value`. What about calling it `canary-by-header-match-strategy`? (`canary-by-header-value-match-strategy` is a bit too verbose)

Author: done

* `nginx.ingress.kubernetes.io/canary-by-header-value`: The header value to match for notifying the Ingress to route the request to the service specified in the Canary Ingress. When the request header is set to this value, it will be routed to the canary. For any other header value, the header will be ignored and the request compared against the other canary rules by precedence. This annotation has to be used together with . The annotation is an extension of the `nginx.ingress.kubernetes.io/canary-by-header` to allow customizing the header value instead of using hardcoded values. It doesn't have any effect if the `nginx.ingress.kubernetes.io/canary-by-header` annotation is not defined.

> * `nginx.ingress.kubernetes.io/canary-by-header-pattern`: Except replacing exact match with regex match, it is similar to the usage of `canary-by-header-value` that comes with higher priority.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `nginx.ingress.kubernetes.io/canary-by-header-pattern`: This works the same way as `canary-by-header-value` except it does PRCE Regex matching. Note that when `canary-by-header-value` is set this annotation will be ignored. When the given Regex causes error during request processing, the request will be considered as not matching.
```

> * `nginx.ingress.kubernetes.io/canary-by-header-pattern`: The match pattern to allow using specific pattern to match the header value. If the pattern is not defined, the default pattern `exact` will be used, it will match failed when the pattern is not be implemented. Now the available strategies are `exact`、`regex`.

Reviewer: The pattern itself should be set in this annotation, not `exact` or `regex`.

> * `nginx.ingress.kubernetes.io/canary-by-header-pattern`: This works the same way as `canary-by-header-value` except it does PRCE Regex matching. Note that when `canary-by-header-value` is set this annotation will be ignored. When the given Regex causes error during request processing, the request will be considered as not matching.

Reviewer: s/PRCE/PCRE

Author: done

> * `nginx.ingress.kubernetes.io/canary-match-strategy`: The match strategy to allow using specific strategy to match the header value. If the strategy is not defined, the default strategy `exact match` will be used, the `nginx.ingress.kubernetes.io/canary-by-header` annotation doesn't have any affect if the strategy is not implemented. Now the available strategies are `exact`、`regex`.

Reviewer: > the `nginx.ingress.kubernetes.io/canary-by-header` annotation doesn't have any affect if the strategy is not implemented. 

Do you mean `canary-match-strategy` has no effect on `canary-by-header`? Instead of specifying what this is not impacting, I'd say something around "The match strategy is useful only with `canary-by-header-value` annotation".

Author: I'm so sorry i didn't make myself clear, i mean it will match failed when the pattern is not be implemented.

Author: done
